https://www.elllo.org/english/1351/T1379-Meg-03-Baking.htm

quite the:
  1. used for emphasizing your description or statement  (表示強調)
    - Young Cardew is quite the gentleman these days.
    - I believe that shoulder-length hair is quite the fashion.

kind of:
  1. used when you are trying to explain or describe something, but you cannot be exact  (用於表示不確定有點兒，有幾分，可以這樣說)
    - It was kind of strange to see him again.

outlet:
  1. noun: a way, especially a pipe or hole, for liquid or gas to go out  (尤指管道或洞口的出口，排放孔)
    - a waste water outlet
    - an outlet pipe
  2. noun: a way in which emotion or energy can be expressed or made use of  (情緒或精力的發泄方式，發泄途徑，施展的機會)
    - Her work provided no outlet for her energies and talents.
    - Writing poetry was his only form of emotional outlet.
  3. noun: a shop that is one of many owned by a particular company and that sells the goods that the company has produced  (零售網點；經銷點；專賣店)
    - a fast-food outlet
    - a retail outlet

jealous:
  1. adj: upset and angry because someone that you love seems interested in another person  (妒忌的；好妒忌的；吃醋的)
    - Anna says she feels jealous every time another woman looks at her boyfriend.
  2. adj: unhappy and angry because someone has something that you want  (嫉妒的)
    - He had always been very jealous of his brother's good looks.
    - Her plans to make him jealous backfired on her when he went off with her best friend.
  3. adj: extremely careful in protecting someone or something  (小心守護的，唯恐失去的)

what is it with:
    - Gibbs, what is it with your hair?
    - What is it with these people?

inherit: /ɪnˈher.ɪt/
  1. verb: to receive money, a house, etc. from someone after they have died  (繼承)
    - Who will inherit the house when he dies?
    - All her children will inherit equally.
  2. verb: to be born with the same physical or mental characteristics as one of your parents or grandparents  (經遺傳而得)
    - Rosie inherited her red hair from her mother.
  3. verb: to begin to have responsibility for a problem or situation that previously existed or belonged to another person  接手，承擔(遺留的問題等)
    - When I took on the job of manager, I inherited certain financial problems.

end up:
  1. phr verb: to finally be in a particular place or situation  最後處於；最後成爲；以…告終
    - They're travelling across Europe by train and are planning to end up in Moscow.
    - Much of this meat will probably end up as dog food.
    - After working her way around the world, she ended up teaching English as a foreign language.

aspect:
  1. noun: one part of a situation, problem, subject, etc.  方面；層面
    - His illness affects almost every aspect of his life.
    - Have you thought about the problem from every aspect?
  2. noun: the direction in which a building, window, room, or sloping field faces, or the view that can be seen because of this direction  朝向；方位；朝著某個方向的一面
    - The dining room has a southern aspect, which allows us to make the most of the sun.
  3. noun: the appearance of a place, or the expression on a person's face  外表，外觀；樣子，神態
    - The glasses and the beard lend him a rather scholarly aspect.

have heard of sb/sth:
  1. phr verb: If you have heard of someone or something, you know that that person or thing exists  知道，聽說過
    - It's a tiny country that most people have never even heard of.
    - I'd never heard of him before he won the prize.

stick:
  1. noun: a thin piece of wood or other material  枝條；木條，木棍
    - Police said that the child had been beaten with a stick.
    - Find some dry sticks and we'll make a campfire.
  2. noun: a long, thin wooden pole that especially old or injured people use to help them walk  (尤指長者或傷者用的)手杖；拐杖
    - At 84 he's still quite active, although he walks with the aid of a stick.
  3. noun: a long, thin piece of something  條狀物；棍狀物
    - carrot/bread sticks
    - a stick of celery/rhubarb/chewing gum/chalk/dynamite
  4. take a stick to sb/sth: to hit someone or something with a long, thin piece of wood
    - He said that when he was a boy, his father used to take a stick to him to punish him.
  5. verb: to cause something to become fixed, for example with glue or another similar substance  黏住，黏貼；固定住
    - I tried to stick the pieces together with some glue/tape.
    - My book got wet and all the pages have stuck together.
  6. verb: to put something somewhere, especially in a not very careful way  (尤指隨意)放置，放
    - "Where shall I put these books?" "Oh, just stick them on the table for now."
    - She stuck her fingers in her ears so that she couldn't hear the noise.
  7. verb: to push a pointed object into or through something, or (of a pointed object) to be pushed into or through something and stay there  (把)(尖物)刺進，插進；戳
    - We decided where to go for our holiday by closing our eyes and sticking a pin in the map.
  8. verb: to bear or accept something or someone unpleasant  容忍，忍受
    - I don't know how you can stick living in this place.

coat:
  1. noun: an outer piece of clothing with sleeves that is worn over other clothes, usually for warmth  (通常指保暖的)外套，外衣，大衣
    - We need a coat hook on the back of this door.
    - She was wearing a heavy winter coat.
  2. noun: the hair, wool, or fur covering an animal  (動物的)皮毛
    - a thick/glossy/matted coat
  3. noun: a layer of a substance, especially paint, that covers something  塗上的一層；覆蓋上的一層，外加的一層
    - I'll give the walls a quick coat of paint.
  4. verb: to cover something with a layer of a particular substance  給…塗上一層；使覆蓋上一層，外加一層
    - When the biscuits are cool, you coat them in/with melted chocolate.

pop:
  1. noun: modern popular music, usually with a strong beat, created with electrical or electronic equipment, and easy to listen to and remember  流行音樂
    - pop music
    - a pop concert/song
    - She wants to be a pop singer/star like Lady Gaga.
  2. noun: a short, sharp sound like something exploding  發出砰的一聲
    - I heard a pop and the lights went out.
    - The kids were popping all the birthday balloons.
  3. take a pop at sb: to criticize someone, especially in public (尤指當眾)批評(某人)，指責(某人)
    - She never expected anyone from her own family to take a pop at her.
  4. noun: If your ears pop, you experience a strange noise and feeling in your ears as a result of a sudden change in air pressure  (耳壓)變化；耳膜脹痛
    - My ears always pop as the plane comes in to land.
  5. verb: to move quickly and suddenly, especially from a closed space  (尤指從封閉的空間)爆開，彈出來
    - When you open the box, a clown pops out.
  6. verb: to put or take something quickly  迅速地拿；快速地放
    - If you pop the pizza in the oven now, it'll be ready in 15 minutes.
    - He popped his head into the room/around the door and said "Lunchtime!"
  7. verb: to be very noticeable and bright, especially when seen next to something of a different colour  (因顏色鮮亮而)引人注目
    - Splashes of yellow, blue, pink, and orange pop against a black background.

plus:
  1. verb: added to  加，加上
    - What is six plus four?
    - The rent will be £175 a week, plus (= added to the cost of) gas and electricity.
  2. prep, conj: and also  並且，而且；加上
    - There will be two adults travelling, plus three children.
    - Let's not go on holiday in August - it'll be too hot - plus it'll be more expensive.
  3. noun: an advantage or a good feature  優勢，好處，長處
    - Your teaching experience will be a plus in this job.
    - The fact that we live so near my parents is a major plus from the point of view of childcare.
    - The house is near the sea, which is a plus factor for us.

awesome:
  1. adj: causing feelings of great admiration, respect, or fear  令人敬畏的；令人驚嘆的；令人驚懼的
    - An awesome challenge/task lies ahead of them.
  2. adj: extremely good  很好的；了不起的
    - You look totally awesome in that dress.

crumb:
  1. noun: a very small piece of bread, cake, or biscuit  麵包屑；糕餅渣
  2. noun: a small amount of something  少許，點滴
    - a crumb of hope/comfort

frost:
  1. noun: the thin, white layer of ice that forms when the air temperature is below the freezing point of water, especially outside at night  霜
    - When I woke up this morning, the ground was covered with frost.
  2. noun: a weather condition in which the air temperature falls below the freezing point of water, especially outside at night  霜期；冰凍天氣
    - There were a lot of hard/heavy (= severe) frosts that winter.
    - Gardeners need to be prepared for several severe frosts in the next month or two.
  3. verb: to become covered in frost  結霜
    - Our bedroom window frosted up.
    - Our lawn is frosted over.
  4. verb: to cover a cake with icing  給(糕餅等)撒糖霜
    - Leave the cake to cool before frosting it.

formable:
  1. adj: 可成形的(適於模鍛的)

mouldable:
  1. adj: (of a soft substance) able to be made into any shape  可塑的
    - The shoe is made of mouldable plastic.
    - The right combination of sugar and water can result in a firm and mouldable sugar mixture.
    - He applied pressure and heated the mixture, getting a new and mouldable material.

dough:
  1. noun: flour mixed with water and often yeast, fat, or sugar, so that it is ready for baking  麵團，麵坯
    - bread dough  麵包坯
    - She kneaded the dough and left it to rise.  她揉好麵團後讓它發酵
  2. noun: money  錢
    - I don't want to work but I need the dough.

dip:
  1. verb: to put something into a liquid for a short time  涮，浸，蘸
    - Dip the fish in the batter, then drop it into the hot oil.
    - She dipped her toe into the pool to see how cold it was.
  2. verb: to go down to a lower level  下降，下落
    - As you turn the corner, the road dips suddenly.
    - House prices dipped in the first three months of the year.
    - a sudden dip in temperature  溫度驟降

vanilla:
  1. noun: a substance made from the seeds of a tropical plant, used to give flavour to sweet foods  (用於給食物調味的)香子蘭精，香草精
    - vanilla ice cream/yogurt
    - Add two teaspoons of vanilla and stir.  加兩茶匙香草精並攪拌一下
  2. adj: used to describe a product or service that is basic and has no special features  (產品或服務)普通的；基本的
    - I just want a vanilla bank account with low charges.

a couple of:
  1. phr: 兩個， 幾個，數個，一對，一雙(尤指男女)
    - The festival lasts a couple of days.
    - I had only a couple of drinks.

swirl:
  1. verb: to (cause to) move quickly with a twisting, circular movement  (使)旋轉，(使)打轉，(使)轉圈
    - Swirl a little oil around the frying pan.
    - The fog swirled thickly around us.  我們被濃霧重重包圍

complicate:
  1. verb: to make something more difficult to deal with, do, or understand  使複雜化；使更難懂；使更麻煩
    - It will only complicate the situation if we invite his old girlfriend as well.
    - These new rules have complicated the tax system even further.
  2. If one illness complicates another illness, it makes the other illness worse.  使(疾病)惡化，加重
    - The breathing problem has now been complicated by a chest infection.

bride:
  1. noun: a woman who is about to get married or has just got married  新娘；即將(或剛)結婚的女子
    - He returned from New York with his lovely new bride.
    - After the ceremony, the bride lifted up her veil to kiss her husband.

groom:
  1. verb: to clean an animal, often by brushing its fur  擦洗，刷洗(動物)
    - Polly spends hours in the stables grooming her pony.
  2. verb: to prepare someone for a special job or activity  培養，培訓，使做好準備
    - She was being groomed for leadership.
    - My boss is grooming me to take over his job next year.
  3. noun: a man who is about to get married or has just got married  新郎；即將(或剛)結婚的男子
    - The bride and groom walked down the aisle together.

tuxedo: /tʌkˈsiː.doʊ/
  1. noun: a man's black or white jacket worn at formal social events, usually in the evening, with matching trousers and a bow tie  (指男式)晚禮服
    - He wears a green tie, a red jacket, a brown hat, and a white tuxedo.

truffle:
  1. noun: a type of fungus that grows underground and can be eaten. Truffles are expensive because they are very rare.  塊菌(食用菌，生於地下，因稀有而昂貴)
    - The Dordogne region's gastronomic specialities include truffles and foie gras.
    - Use truffle oil to add flavour to the dish.  給菜里加點松露油增加一點滋味
  2. noun: a small, round, very soft chocolate  巧克力軟糖
    - rum truffles  朗姆酒巧克力
