https://www.elllo.org/english/1401/1403-Gilda-Pageants.htm

pageant:
  1. noun(選美比賽): a show, celebration, or parade (= a large number of people walking or marching together), esp. one in which people wear special clothing or act out events from the past
    - Our school held a Pageant of Great Women.

surgery:
  1. noun: the treatment of injuries or diseases in people or animals by cutting open the body and removing or repairing the damaged part
    - He made a good recovery after surgery to remove a brain tumour.
  2. noun: an occasion when a medical operation involving cutting open the body is performed on someone
    - He has had three surgeries on his wrist in the past two years.

opera:
  1. noun: a musical play in which most of the words are sung, or plays and music of this type
    - He goes to the opera (= to see an opera) whenever he can.
    - She is one of the immortals of classical opera.

economic:
  1. adj: relating to trade, industry, or money
    - The country has been in a very poor economic state ever since the decline of its two major industries.
    - The government's economic policies have led us into the worst recession in years.
  2. adj: making a profit, or likely to make a profit
    - We had to close our London office - with the rent so high it just wasn't economic.

probably:
  1. adv: used to mean that something is very likely
    - I'll probably be home by midnight.
    - Probably the best thing to do is to call them before you go.
    - If you don't take professional pride in your work, you're probably in the wrong job.

keen:
  1. adj: very interested, eager, or wanting (to do) something very much
    - She's a keen tennis player.
    - keen to: They were very keen to start work as soon as possible.
    - keen on: She's keen on (playing) tennis.
    - With an election approaching, the prime minister is keen to maintain his popularity.

frustrate:
  1. verb: to make someone feel annoyed or less confident because they cannot achieve what they want
    - It frustrates me that I'm not able to put any of my ideas into practice.

make-up:
  1. noun: coloured substances used on your face to improve or change your appearance
    - I put on a little eye make-up.
    - With his make-up and strange clothes, he looked like nothing on earth.

pride:
  1. noun: a feeling of pleasure and satisfaction that you get because you or people connected with you have done or got something good
    - She felt a great sense of pride as she watched him accept the award.
    - He shows great pride in his work and has no false modesty about his success.
  2. noun: your feelings of your own worth and respect for yourself
    - The country's national pride has been damaged by its sporting failures.
    - He was forced to swallow his pride and ask if he could have his old job back.
