https://www.elllo.org/english/1351/T1387-AbidemiRory-05-Schedule.htm

day off:
  1. noun: a day when you do not have to work or do something that you normally do  休息日
    - I won't be in on Thursday - it's my day off.
    - She's taking three days off next week.

sign up:
  1. verb: to agree to become involved in an organized activity  報名參加（某項有組織的活動）
    - I've signed up to make the sandwiches for the party.
    - She's signed up for evening classes at the community college.

till:
  1. prep, conj: up to (the time that); until  直到；到…為止
    - We waited till six thirty for you.
    - How long is it till the baby is due?
    - I think I can come but I won't commit myself till I know for sure.

sleep in:
  1. phr verb: to sleep until later in the morning than you usually do  睡懶覺
    - I usually sleep in on Saturdays.

put/get sth behind you:
  1. phr verb: If you put a bad experience or your own bad behaviour behind you, you do not let it affect your life now.  拋諸腦後
    - It's over. You need to put it behind you now, and make plans for the future.
  2. phr verb: If you put an unpleasant experience behind you, you stop thinking about it, so that it does not affect your life.  將（不愉快的經歷）拋在腦後
    - Like any divorce, it was a painful business but I've put it all behind me now.

tend:
  1. verb: to be likely to behave in a particular way or have a particular characteristic  傾向；易於；往往會
    - We tend to get cold winters and warm, dry summers in this part of the country.
    - The British traditionally tend not to display much emotion in public.
  2. verb: to care for something or someone  照顧，照管；護理
    - He carefully tended his sunflower plants.
    - The nurse gently tended the patient's cuts and bruises.

annoy:
  1. verb: to make someone angry  煩擾；打攪；使煩惱
    - Tina really annoyed me in the meeting this morning.
    - It annoys me that she just expects us to help.
    - They were afraid to complain about the noise in case they annoyed the neighbours.

intensively: /ɪnˈten.sɪv.li/
  1. adv: in a way that involves a lot of effort or activity in a short period of time or small area  密集地，集中地；加強地；深入地
    - She is studying intensively, working toward her degree.
    - Despite much intensively farmed land, this is one of the wildest regions of lowland England.
    - It's very important that we intensively investigate the circumstances of this crime.
  2. intensive adj: involving a lot of effort or activity in a short period of time  密集的，集中的；加強的；深入的
    - Intensive bombing had reduced the city to rubble.
    - The course compresses two year's training into six intensive months.

tough:
  1. adj: strong; not easily broken or made weaker or defeated  結實的；堅固的；堅強的
    - These toys are made from tough plastic.
    - You have to be tough to be successful in politics.
  2. adj: strong and determined  強硬的；嚴厲的
    - Tough new safety standards have been introduced for cars.
    - After some tough bargaining, we finally agreed on a deal.
  3. adj: difficult to do or to deal with  困難的；棘手的
    - They've had an exceptionally tough life.
    - The company is going through a tough time at the moment.
    - Now I'm going to ask you a really tough question - are you ready?
  4. adj: Tough food is difficult to cut or eat.  （食物）老的，不易切開的，嚼不動的
    - This steak is very tough.
    - These apples have tough skins.

residential:
  1. adj: A residential road, area, etc. has only private houses, not offices and factories.  居民區的
  2. adj: A residential job, position, course, etc. is one for which you live at the same place where you work or study.  （為工作或學習而）在某處居住的，寄宿的，住宿在任所的
  3. adj: relating to where you live or have lived  居住的；定居的
    - You must satisfy the residential qualifications to get a work permit.
    - It was not safe to locate the chemicals factory in a residential area.
    - The college runs residential courses throughout the summer.
    - Rents in residential areas are lower than in the business district.
