https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/6-minute-english_2023/ep-230608

subtitle:
  1. noun: a word, phrase, or sentence that is used as the second part of a book title and is printed under the main title at the front of the book  副標題，小標題
  2. subtitles: words shown at the bottom of a film or television picture to explain what is being said  （電影或電視節目的）字幕
    - The Chinese movie was shown with English subtitles.
    - The evening news has subtitles for the deaf.
  3. subtitled: (of a film or television picture) having words shown at the bottom to explain what is being said  （電影或電視畫面）有字幕的
    - a subtitled movie/programme
    - All of the films are subtitled in English.
  4. subtitled: having a second part to its title  有副標題的，有小標題的
    - His book is subtitled "The Rise and Fall of the American Empire".

character:
  1. noun: the particular combination of qualities in a person or place that makes them different from others  性格，個性；特徵
    - Politeness is traditionally part of the British character.
    - One of the joys of being a parent is watching the child's character develop.
  2. noun: qualities that are interesting and unusual  風格，特色，特點
    - I'd prefer an old place with a bit of character.  我偏愛有特色的老地方
    - As people grow older, their faces acquire more character.
  3. noun: a person represented in a film, play, or story  （電影、戲劇或故事中的）人物，角色
    - She had Mickey Mouse or some other cartoon/Disney character on her sweater.
    - Michelle is the central female character in ITV's latest comedy series.
  4. noun: a person, especially when you are describing a particular quality that they have  （尤指具有某一特點的）人
    - She's a curious character - I don't really know what to think of her.
    - There were one or two strange-looking characters hanging around the bar.
  5. noun: a letter, number, or other mark or sign used in writing or printing, or the space one of these takes  （書寫或印刷的）字母，字（或數字、標記、符號）；字元
    - The address was written in Chinese/Japanese characters (= systems of writing).
    - The computer screen on this laptop is 66 characters (= spaces) wide.

caption:
  1. noun: a short piece of text under a picture in a book, magazine, or newspaper that describes the picture or explains what the people in it are doing or saying  （圖書、雜誌或報紙圖片的）說明文字
  2. verb: to provide a short piece of text under a picture in a book, magazine, or newspaper that describes the picture or explains what the people in it are doing or saying  圖片說明
    - The picture was captioned "Catherine Deneuve in Belle du Jour".

dramatic:  /drəˈmæt̬.ɪk/
  1. adj: very sudden or noticeable, or full of action and excitement  驟然的；戲劇性的；激動人心的
    - We watched scenes of the dramatic rescue on the news.
    - The increase in the number of young people leaving to work in the cities has had a dramatic impact on the demography of the villages.
  2. adj: relating to plays and acting  戲劇的；表演的
    - She bought me the complete dramatic works (= texts to be performed) of Brecht for my birthday.

plenty:
  1. pronoun, noun, adverb: (the state of having) enough or more than enough, or a large amount  豐富，充足，大量
    - "Would you like some more wine?" "No thanks, I've had plenty."
    - Don't grab at the balloons, children - there are plenty for everyone.
    - We've got plenty of time before we need to leave for the airport.
    - If you have a fever you should drink plenty of fluids.

prime:
  1. adj: main or most important  首要的，主要的；基本的
    - This is a prime example of 1930s architecture.
    - the prime suspect in a murder investigation  謀殺案調查中的主要嫌疑犯
    - The president is a prime (= likely) target for the assassin's bullet.
    - Though I'd like to know more about Spanish culture, this was not my prime motivation for doing the course.
  2. adj: of the best quality  品質最好的，一流的
    - prime beef
    - The hotel is in a prime location in the city centre.
    - She was a prime candidate for promotion.
  3. noun: the period in your life when you are most active or successful  全盛時期；盛年，壯年時期
    - This is a dancer in her prime.
    - Middle age can be the prime of life if you have the right attitude.
  4. verb: to tell someone something that will prepare them for a particular situation  事先給（某人）提供情況，使有所準備
    - I'd been primed so I knew not to mention her son.

audience:
  1. noun: the group of people together in one place to watch or listen to a play, film, someone speaking, etc.  觀眾；聽眾；讀者
    - The secret to public speaking is to get the audience on your side.
    - The audience was/were clearly delighted with the performance.
  2. noun: the (number of) people watching or listening to a particular television or radio programme, reading a particular book, or visiting a particular website  觀眾人數；聽眾人數；讀者人數
    - The television company has lost a large part of its audience since it changed its programming.
    - Her latest book should appeal to a large audience (= many people will want to read it).

squelch:  /skweltʃ/
  1. verb: to make a sucking sound like the one produced when you are walking on soft, wet ground  （如走在濕軟土地上似的）發吧唧聲，發撲哧聲
    - He got out of the car and squelched through the mud to open the gate.
  2. verb: to quickly end something that is causing you problems  （迅速）制止，遏制
    - A spokeswoman at the White House has squelched rumors about the president's ill health.
  3. verb: to silence someone by criticizing them  （厲言）把…嘴巴堵住，使不再出聲
    - The senator thoroughly squelched the journalist who tried to interrupt him during his speech.  參議員完全堵住了那個想在他講話時插嘴的記者
  4. noun: a sucking sound like the one produced when you are walking on soft, wet ground  （如走在濕軟土地上似的）發吧唧聲，發撲哧聲
    - As the hikers walked down the path by the house, she could hear the squelch of their boots in the mud.

base sth on sth:
  1. phr: If you base something on facts or ideas, you use those facts or ideas to develop it.  以…為基礎
    - The film is based on a short story by Thomas Mann.
    - The film is based on a real-life story.

genre:  /ˈʒɑːn.rə/
  1. noun: a style, especially in the arts, that involves a particular set of characteristics  （尤指藝術的）風格，類型，體裁
    - What genre does the book fall into - comedy or tragedy?
  2. adj: produced according to a particular model or style  屬於某類型的；按某種風格創作的

upbeat:
  1. adj: full of hope, happiness, and good feelings  樂觀的；快樂的；積極向上的
    - Live music and a parade set an upbeat mood for the official opening.

jaunty:  /ˈdʒɑːn.t̬i/
  1. adj: showing that you are happy and confident  輕鬆活潑的；喜氣洋洋的
    - a jaunty grin/step
    - When he came back his hat was at a jaunty angle and he was smiling.

gobsmacked:  /ˈɡɑːb.smækt/
  1. adj: so surprised that you cannot speak  瞠目結舌的，目瞪口呆的
    - He was completely gobsmacked when he won the award.

verge:
  1. noun: the edge or border of something  邊；邊緣；邊沿
    - They set up camp on the verge of the desert.
  2. noun: the strip of land that borders a road or path  路邊；路肩
    - She left her car by the side of the road and walked along the grass verge to the emergency phone.

gasp:
  1. verb: to take a short, quick breath through the mouth, especially because of surprise, pain, or shock  （尤指由於驚奇、痛苦或震驚而）喘息，喘氣，倒抽氣
    - When she saw the money hidden in the box she gasped in surprise.
    - "Help me!" he gasped.
  2. verb: to breathe loudly and with difficulty, trying to get more air  （大聲、帶有困難地）喘氣，上氣不接下氣
    - He pulled her aboard the boat and she sprawled on the deck, coughing and gasping for breath.
  3. noun: an act of gasping  喘息，喘氣，倒抽氣
    - He gave a gasp of amazement.

virtual:
  1. adj: almost a particular thing or quality  幾乎…的；實質上的
    - Ten years of incompetent government had brought about the virtual collapse of the country's economy.  無能政府十年的執政已經把這個國家帶到了崩潰的邊緣
    - Fighting and shortages have brought normal life to a virtual standstill in the city.
    - He is a virtual prisoner in his own home.
  2. adj: Something that is virtual can be done or seen using a computer and therefore without going anywhere or talking to anyone.  （透過電腦）虛擬的
    - virtual shopping

come up with sth:
  1. phr: to suggest or think of an idea or plan  想出，提出（主意或計劃）
    - She's come up with some amazing scheme to double her income.
    - He's come up with a new way to use up cold chicken.

slang:
  1. noun: very informal language that is usually spoken rather than written, used especially by particular groups of people  俚語
    - "Chicken" is slang for someone who isn't very brave.
    - He uses a lot of slang terms that I simply don't understand.

deserve:
  1. verb: to have earned or to be given something because of the way you have behaved or the qualities you have  值得；應得
    - After all that hard work, you deserve a holiday.
    - Chris deserves our special thanks for all his efforts.
    - The proposals that you have put forward deserve serious consideration.

viral:
  1. adj: caused by a virus  病毒病，病毒性疾病；病毒感染
    - viral infections
    - You've caught a viral flu.
  2. adj: used to describe something that quickly becomes very popular or well known by being published on the internet or sent from person to person by email, phone, etc.  （通過網路在個體之間迅速）病毒式的（傳播）
    - Here's a list of the top ten viral videos this week.
    - Within days the film clip went viral.

creak:
  1. verb: When a door, floorboard, etc. creaks, it makes a long low sound when it moves or is moved.  （門、地板等）嘎吱作響
    - The door creaked on its hinges.
    - I heard the floorboards creak as he crept closer.
  2. noun: a noise made when something creaks  嘎吱聲
    - I heard a creak on the stairs.
