https://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/some-americans-want-fewer-grass-lawns/7111121.html

lawn:
  1. noun: an area of grass, especially near to a house or in a park, that is cut regularly to keep it short  （尤指房屋附近或公園的）草地，草坪
    - Will you mow the lawn at the weekend?

double:
  1. adj: twice the size, amount, price, etc., or consisting of two similar things together  兩倍的；成雙的；雙份的
    - I ordered a double espresso (= two standard amounts in one cup).
    - Everything he says has a double meaning (= has two possible meanings).
  2. nou: a person who looks exactly the same as someone else  一模一樣的人；極相像的人
    - Hey, Tony, I met someone at a party last week who was your double.
  3. noun: an occasion when a football team wins two major competitions in a single season  （足球比賽）雙料冠軍（即在同一賽季贏得兩項重要比賽的冠軍頭銜）
    - Which was the first team to do the double in English football?
  4. verb: to become twice as much or as many, or to make something twice as much or many  加一倍，翻一番
    - The government aims to double the number of students in higher education within 25 years.
    - Company profits have doubled since the introduction of new technology.
    - When the price of skiing in the mountain resorts doubled, tourists voted with their feet and just stopped going.

instead:
  1. adv: in place of someone or something else  作為替代
    - There's no coffee - would you like a cup of tea instead?
    - I'm going to drop yoga and do aerobics instead.
    - Instead, however, the author seems to have gone out of his way to avoid telling any such story.

instead of:
  1. prep: in place of someone or something  作為…的替代
    - You can go instead of me, if you want.
    - Instead of complaining, why don't we try to change things?
    - I wish you'd spend more time at home instead of going out drinking with your friends every night.
    - You waste a lot of water by having a bath instead of a shower.

by:
  1. By is used to talk about doing something before a future time or deadline.  用來表示"在未來某個時間或最後期限之前做某事"
    - I have to finish an essay by 5pm.
    - The council expects the bridge to be finished by December.
    - By the time I come back, I want this room clean.

until:
  1. Until is used to talk about doing something up to a certain point in time.  用來表示"在某個時間點之前，一直在做某事"
    - I have to take care of my dog until 5pm.
    - Until the rain stops, we can't go to the beach.
    - I will be working until this evening. We can meet for dinner after that.

prefer:
  1. verb: to like, choose, or want one thing rather than another  寧可，更喜愛；覺得還是…更可取
    - Do you prefer hot or cold weather?
    - Some people prefer a vegetarian diet, while others prefer a meat-based diet.
    - Most convalescents prefer to be cared for at home rather than in a hospital.
  2. verb: to accuse someone officially  舉報；提出（控告）
    - The police have decided not to prefer charges against them because of insufficient evidence.

complain:
  1. verb: to say that something is wrong or not satisfactory  抱怨；發牢騷；訴苦
    - Lots of people have complained about the noise.
    - He complained that his boss was useless and he had too much work.
  2. verb: to tell someone formally that something is wrong  投訴；控告；申訴
    - If the service was so bad why didn't you complain to the manager?
    - Over three hundred listeners phoned in to complain about the programme.

permit:
  1. verb: to allow something  允許，准許
    - The regulations do not permit much flexibility.
    - The security system will not permit you to enter without the correct password.
    - As it was such a special occasion, she permitted herself a small glass of champagne.
  2. verb: to make something possible  允許；使…有可能
    - The Chancellor is looking to lower interest rates, when economic conditions permit.
    - We have arranged to play tennis on Saturday, weather permitting (= if the weather is good enough).
    - Smoking is not permitted anywhere in this theatre.

beneficial:
  1. adj: helpful, useful, or good  有益的，有用的，有利的
    - A stay in the country will be beneficial to his health.
    - Breast-feeding is extremely beneficial to the health of newborn babies.
    - From our point of view, we do not see how these changes will be beneficial to the company.

seem:
  1. verb: to give the effect of being; to be judged to be  似乎；仿佛
    - He's 16, but he often seems (to be) younger.
    - The children seemed (as if/as though/like they were) tired.
    - I seem to know more about him than anyone else.
    - He seemed a bit depressed about his work situation.

pollinator:
  1. noun: something, such as an insect, that carries pollen from one plant or part of a plant to another  傳粉昆蟲；傳粉媒介
    - These chemicals are known to be highly toxic to honeybees and other pollinators.

remove sth from sth:
  1. phr:
    - The men came to remove the rubbish from the backyard.
    - They decided to remove their son from the school.
    - Several opposition groups are fighting to remove the president from power.

urge:
  1. noun: a strong wish, especially one that is difficult or impossible to control  （尤指難以或無法控制的）慾望，衝動
    - The two of them seem unable to control their sexual urges.
    - The urge to steal is very strong in some of these young men.
    - She felt an overwhelming urge to tell someone about what had happened.
  2. verb: to strongly advise or try to persuade someone to do a particular thing  敦促；驅策；力勸
    - Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action.
    - Investigators urged that safety procedures at the site should be improved.
    - The dogs are urged into fighting more fiercely by loud shouts from the crowd.
  3. phr: urge sb on.   to encourage someone to do or achieve something  鼓勵，激勵；爲（某人）加油
    - The crowd was cheering and urging her on all through the race.

irrigate:
  1. verb: to supply land with water so that crops and plants will grow  灌溉
    - irrigated land/fields
  2. verb: to wash an injured part of a person's body, especially a cut, with a flow of liquid  沖洗（尤指傷口）

against:
  1. prep: disagreeing with a plan or activity  反對；與…相反
    - She spoke against the decision to close the college.  她聲言反對關閉學院的決定
    - 50 people voted against the new proposal.  50人投票反對這項新提案
    - Germany are playing against Brazil in the cup final tonight.  德國隊在今晚的決賽中對陣巴西隊
    - She sold the house even though it was against his wishes.
    - We came up against a lot of problems in the course of building our extension.
  2. prep: next to and touching or being supported by (something)  緊貼著；緊靠著；倚在
    - Why don't we put the bed against the wall?
    - He loved the feel of her soft hair against his skin.
    - The rain beat against her face as she struggled through the wind.
  3. prep: in the opposite direction to  逆…的方向；迎著
    - The last part of the course was hard because I was running against the wind.
    - Commuting is not so bad when you are travelling against the traffic.  如果你是逆著主車流而行，乘車上下班倒也不錯
  4. prep: as a protection or defence from the bad effects of  防…；抗…
    - We've insured the car against fire, theft, and accident.
    - The police have to arm themselves against attack.
