https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/6-minute-english_2023/ep-230413

look back:
  1. phr verb: to think about something that happened in the past  回憶，追憶，回想
    - When I look back I can see where we went wrong.
    - It wasn't such a bad experience when I look back on it.
    - When you look back on this in a year or two, it won't seem so bad.

disappear:
  1. verb: If people or things disappear, they go somewhere where they cannot be seen or found.  消失；失蹤
    - The search was called off for the sailors who disappeared in the storm.
    - We looked for her but she had disappeared into the crowd.
  2. verb: to no longer exist  不復存在
    - These flowers are disappearing from our fields and woods.
    - This is a way of life that is fast disappearing.

wonder:
  1. verb: to ask yourself questions or express a wish to know about something  疑惑；想知道
    - Shouldn't you phone home? Your parents will be wondering where you are.
    - He's starting to wonder whether he did the right thing in accepting this job.
  2. verb: used in phrases, at the beginning of a request, to make it more formal and polite  （用於片語中，使請求更加正式和禮貌）不知能否…
    - We were wondering if/whether you'd like to have dinner with us some time?
    - I wonder if you could give me some information about places to visit in the area?
  3. verb: to feel or express great surprise at something  感到驚訝，覺得驚奇
    - I don't wonder (that) she burst into tears after the way you spoke to her.

somehow:
  1. adv: in a way or by some means that is not known or not stated  以某種方法，以某種方式
    - It won't be easy, but we'll get across the river somehow.  過河不是件容易的事，但我們總會有辦法的
    - I'm not sure how, but somehow or other we'll raise the money.  我還不知道該怎麼辦，但是我們肯定能以某種方式籌到錢的
  2. v: for a reason that is not clear  不知什麽原因
    - I know what we're doing is legal, but somehow it doesn't feel right.

discourage:
  1. verb: to make someone feel less confident, enthusiastic, and positive about something, or less willing to do something  使洩氣，給…潑冷水，使心灰意冷
    - The thought of how much work she had to do discouraged her.
    - It discouraged me to hear so little enthusiasm for the project.
  2. verb: to prevent or try to prevent something happening or someone doing something, by making things difficult or unpleasant, or by showing disapproval  （試圖）阻撓，為…設置障礙，阻止
    - a campaign to discourage people from smoking
    - The authorities have put tanks on the streets to discourage any protest.

idiom:
  1. noun: a group of words in a fixed order that have a particular meaning that is different from the meanings of each word on its own  習語，成語，慣用語
    - To "have bitten off more than you can chew" is an idiom that means you have tried to do something which is too difficult for you.
  2. noun: the style of expression in writing, speech, or music that is typical of a particular period, person, or group  （某一時期、個人或群體在寫作、言語、音樂方面的）典型表達風格
    - Both operas are very much in the modern idiom.  兩部歌劇都很有現代風格

miserable:
  1. adj: very unhappy  痛苦的；可憐的
    - She's miserable living on her own.
  2. adj: unpleasant and causing unhappiness  令人難受的，令人痛苦的
    - What a miserable existence! How could anyone live in such awful conditions?
  3. adj: used to emphasize the low quality of value of something  拙劣的；少得可憐的
    - The book was a miserable failure.
    - She only offered me a miserable $20 for my old phone.

depress:
  1. verb: to cause someone to feel unhappy and without hope  使憂鬱，使沮喪
    - This weather depresses me.
    - It depresses me to think that I'll probably still be doing exactly the same job in ten years' time.
  2. verb: to reduce the value of something, especially money  使貶值，使降價
    - A surplus of corn has helped depress the grain market/grain prices.
    - The rise in the value of the dollar has depressed the company's earnings/profits this year.
  3. verb: to reduce the amount of activity in something, especially a business operation  使蕭條，使不景氣
    - High interest rates are continuing to depress the economy.

whereas:
  1. conj: compared with the fact that; but  儘管；但是；卻
    - He must be about 60, whereas his wife looks about 30.
    - You eat a huge plate of food for lunch, whereas I have just a sandwich.
    - He works slowly and precisely whereas I tend to rush things and make mistakes.

express:
  1. verb: to show a feeling, opinion, or fact  陳述；表達；表露
    - Her eyes expressed deep sadness.
    - These figures are expressed as a percentage of the total.
  2. verb: to send something somewhere very quickly  快遞郵寄
    - Your order will be expressed to you within 24 hours.
  3. adj: moving or being sent fast  快速的；快遞的；特快的
    - Please send this letter by express delivery.
    - The dry cleaners offer a normal or an express service.
  4. adj: clearly and intentionally stated  明確的；明白表示的；特別指出的
    - It is my express wish that after my death, my books be given to my old college library.
  5. noun: a train or bus that takes less time to do a journey than other trains or buses  快車
    - The quickest way to get here is to take the uptown express.
  6. noun: a service that does something faster than usual  快遞服務
    - This parcel needs to be sent by express.

literally: /ˈlɪt̬.ɚ.əl.i/
  1. adv: using the real or original meaning of a word or phrase  確實地；名副其實地
    - They were responsible for literally millions of deaths.
    - We live literally just round the corner from her.
  2. adv: If you translate literally, you translate each word in a text separately, without looking at how the words are used together in a phrase or sentence.  逐字（翻譯）地
    - Translations that are done too literally often don't flow well or don't sound natural.
  3. adv: used to emphasize what you are saying  （用於強調）確實，真正地
    - He missed that kick literally by miles.
    - I was literally bowled over by the news.  我聽到這個消息真的驚呆了。

sate:
  1. verb: to satisfy someone by giving them something that is wanted or needed  使（某人）滿足於…
    - He searched for a book that would sate his desire for all the details of Olympic history.
  1. sated adj: having had more of something than you can easily have at one time  饜足的，厭膩的
    - sated with drink/food

fed up:
  1. adj: bored, annoyed, or disappointed, especially by something that you have experienced for too long  厭倦的；厭煩的；失望的
    - I'm fed up with my job.
    - He got fed up with all the travelling he had to do.
    - I'm fed up with them mucking me about and cancelling our arrangements.

melancholy:  /ˈmel.əŋ.kɑː.li/
  1. adj: sad  憂鬱的，憂傷的
    - melancholy autumn days
  2. noun: sadness that lasts for a long period of time, often without any obvious reason  憂鬱，憂傷

sorrow:
  1. noun: (a cause of) a feeling of great sadness  悲痛，傷心，悔恨；傷心事，不幸
    - The sorrow she felt over/at the death of her husband was almost too much to bear.
    - The sorrows of her earlier years gave way to joy in later life.
  1. verb: to feel great sadness  沉痛悲傷
    - For years she sorrowed over her missing son.

mourn:  /mɔːrn/
  1. verb: to feel or express great sadness, especially because of someone's death  （尤指因某人的亡故而）哀悼，悲傷
    - Queen Victoria mourned Prince Albert/Prince Albert's death for 40 years.
    - She was still mourning for her brother.
  2. mourner | noun: a person at a funeral  哀悼者；送葬者
    - The dead man's wife and children were the chief mourners.

uncommon:
  1. adj: not seen, happening, or experienced often  罕見的，不常有的
    - Accidents due to failure of safety equipment are uncommon nowadays.
    - It's not uncommon for people to become ill when they travel.
  2. adj: An uncommon quality, especially a human quality, is larger in amount or degree than usual.  （尤指人的特質）不尋常的，異常的
    - a woman of uncommon beauty

grief:
  1. noun: very great sadness, especially at the death of someone  （尤指某人之死引起的）悲痛，悲傷，悲哀
    - Her grief at her son's death was terrible.
    - Newspapers should not intrude on people's private grief.
    - Huge crowds followed the funeral procession in a public demonstration of grief.

intense:
  1. adj: extreme and forceful or (of a feeling) very strong  強烈的，極度的
    - intense cold/heat/hatred
    - an intense flavour/colour
    - He suddenly felt an intense pain in his back.
  2. adj: Intense people are very serious, and usually have strong emotions or opinions.  認真的；熱切的；有強烈情感的；尖銳的
    - an intense young man

repress:
  1. verb: to not allow something, especially feelings, to be expressed  壓抑，壓制，克制（尤指感情）
    - He repressed a sudden desire to cry.
  2. verb: to control what people do, especially by using force  （尤指用武力）鎮壓，壓制，制止

conquer:  /ˈkɑːŋ.kɚ/
  1. verb: to take control or possession of foreign land, or a group of people, by force  佔領；攻取；征服；擊敗
    - The Spanish conquered the New World in the 16th century.
    - The English were conquered by the Normans in 1066.
  2. verb: to deal with or successfully fight against a problem or an unreasonable fear  解決（問題）；戰勝，克服（恐懼）
    - He has finally conquered his fear of spiders.
    - It may be many years before this dreadful disease is conquered.

stiff upper lip:
  1. noun: Someone who has a stiff upper lip does not show their feelings when they are upset  堅忍，剛毅，沉得住氣
    - He was taught to keep a stiff upper lip, whatever happens.

superior:  /səˈpɪr.i.ɚ/
  1. better than average or better than other people or things of the same type  好於平均的，好過其他的，優越的
    - This is clearly the work of a superior artist.
    - She was chosen for the job because she was the superior candidate.
    - The government troops were superior in numbers (= there were more of them).  政府軍在人數上佔優勢
  2. adj: A superior person believes that or acts as if they are better than other people.  （人）高傲的，傲慢的，有優越感的
    - a superior manner/smile
    - I can't stand Amanda - she's so superior.
  3. adj: higher in rank or social position than others  上司（的），上級（的）
    - The soldier was reported to his superior officer for failing in his duties.
  4. noun: a person or group of people who are higher in rank or social position than others  上司，上級
    - I will pass your complaint on to my superiors.
  5. superiority noun:  /səˌpɪr.iˈɔːr.ə.t̬i/
    - the fact that one person or thing is better, stronger, etc. than another  優越性，優勢
      - The Australian team soon demonstrated their superiority over the opposition.
    - an unpleasant way of behaving that a person has when they think they are better than other people  高傲自大，自覺優越
      - Her sense of superiority makes her very unpopular.

acute:
  1. adj: If a bad situation is acute, it causes severe problems or damage.  十分嚴重的
    - She felt acute embarrassment/anxiety/concern at his behaviour.
    - The problem of poverty is particularly acute in rural areas.
  2. adj: An acute pain or illness is one that quickly becomes very severe.  （病痛）急性的；劇烈的
    - acute abdominal pains

rule:
  1. noun: an accepted principle or instruction that states the way things are or should be done, and tells you what you are allowed or are not allowed to do  規則；法則；規章；條例
    - A referee must know all the rules of the game.  裁判一定要通曉比賽的所有規則
    - Before you start your own business you should be familiar with the government's rules and regulations.
    - You must not break the rules.
  2. noun: a period of time during which a particular person or group is in control of a country  統治（期）；管轄（期）
    - The period of Fascist rule is one people try to forget.
    - We don't want one-party rule - we want rule by the people.
  3. verb: to control or be the person in charge of something such as a country  控制；統治；治理
    - Most modern kings and queens rule (their countries) only in a formal way, without real power.
    - She rules her household with an iron hand/fist (= severely).
  4. verb: to be the most important and controlling influence on someone  支配，操控，控制
    - Love ruled supreme in her heart.
    - The desperate desire to go to Moscow ruled their lives.
  5. verb: to decide officially  裁決，裁定；判定；決定
    - Only the Appeal Court can rule on this point.
    - The government has ruled that the refugees must be deported.  政府已經作出決定，難民必須被驅逐出境

wobble:
  1. verb: to (cause something to) shake or move from side to side in a way that shows poor balance  （使）搖晃，（使）搖擺
    - That bookcase wobbles whenever you put anything on it.
    - Don't wobble the table, please, Dan.
  2. verb: to be uncertain what to do or to change repeatedly between two opinions  拿不定主意；動搖；（在兩種觀點間）變來變去
    - The government can't afford to wobble on this issue.
  3. noun: a movement from side to side that shows poor balance  搖晃，搖擺
    - I gave the poles a slight wobble and the whole tent collapsed.
    - The closure of the company's German subsidiary caused a sharp wobble in its profits.

nowadays:
  1. adv: at the present time, in comparison to the past  如今，現在
    - Who remembers those movies nowadays?
    - Nowadays, I bake my own bread rather than buy it.
    - The first mobile phones were heavy and clumsy to use, but nowadays they are much easier to handle.

slight:
  1. adj: small in amount or degree  少量的，微小的
    - a slight improvement
    - She had a slight headache.
    - I don't have the slightest idea what he's talking about.
  2. adj: (of people) thin and delicate  （人）瘦小的，纖弱的
    - Like most long-distance runners she is very slight.
  3. verb: to insult someone by ignoring them or treating them as if not important  輕視，冷落；怠慢
    - I felt slighted when my boss thanked everyone but me for their hard work.
  4. noun: an action that insults a person because someone fails to pay attention to them or to treat them with the respect that they deserve  輕視；冷落
    - I regarded her failure to acknowledge my greeting as a slight.
  5. slightly adv:
    - a little  稍微，略微
      - She's slightly taller than her sister.
      - I'm slightly worried that she'll get lost on the way.
