https://www.elllo.org/english/1351/T1392-Marianne-LoveSocialMedia.htm

era:
  1. noun: a period of time of which particular events or stages of development are typical  時代；年代
    - the Jefferson era  傑佛森時代
    - They had worked for peace during the long era of conflict.
    - The fall of the Berlin wall marked the end of an era.

definitely:
  1. adv: without any doubt  肯定，當然，毫無疑問
    - Have you definitely decided to go to Costa Rica?
    - Her attitude has definitely changed for the better since she started this new job.
    - I definitely saw Sandra getting on the bus, so she must have decided not to work late.

colleague:  /ˈkɑː.liːɡ/
  1. noun: one of a group of people who work together  同事；同僚
    - We're entertaining some colleagues of Carol's tonight.
    - I don't know anything about this, but I'm sure my colleague here can help you.
    - Please read this memo carefully and hand it on to your colleagues.

isolate:
  1. verb: to separate something from other things with which it is connected or mixed  隔離；孤立；分離
    - A high wall isolated the house from the rest of the village.
    - They tried to isolate (= find) the cause of the problem.
  2. verb: to keep a person or animal separate from other people or animals by putting them in a different place  隔離(人或動物)
    - He was isolated from all the other prisoners.
  3. verb: to put a person, country, or organization in a situation where they are seen as being separate  孤立(人、國家或組織)
    - This policy will isolate minority groups and prevent integration.

encounter:
  1. noun: a meeting, especially one that happens by chance  偶然相遇，邂逅，不期而遇
    - I had an alarming encounter with a wild pig.
    - This meeting will be the first encounter between the party leaders since the election.
  2. verb: to meet someone unexpectedly  邂逅，不期而遇，偶然碰到
    - On their way home they encountered a woman selling flowers.
    - She was, he says, the most violent woman he had encountered in 13 years as an officer.
  3. verb: to experience something, especially something unpleasant  遭遇，遇到(尤指不愉快的事情)
    - When did you first encounter these difficulties?
    - The army is reported to be encountering considerable resistance.

paradox:
  1. noun: a situation or statement that seems impossible or is difficult to understand because it contains two opposite facts or characteristics  自相矛盾的情況；似非而是的說法，悖論；詭論
    - It's a curious paradox that drinking a lot of water can often make you feel thirsty.

socialize:
  1. verb: to spend time when you are not working with friends or with other people in order to enjoy yourself  參加社交活動，交際
    - I tend not to socialize with my colleagues.
    - I hope Adam's actually doing some work at college - he seems to spend all his time socializing!
  2. verb: to train people or animals to behave in a way that others in the group think is suitable  使合群；使適應社會生活
    - Here at the school we make every effort to socialize these young offenders.

reflect:
  1. verb: If a surface reflects light, heat, sound, or an image, it sends the light, etc. back and does not absorb it.  反射(光、熱、聲等)；反映，映出(影像)
    - He saw himself reflected in the water/mirror/shop window.
    - The light reflected off the surface of the water.
  2. verb: to show, express, or be a sign of something  顯示；反映；表達
    - The statistics reflect a change in people's spending habits.
    - The results of the survey reflect a considerable shift in attitudes towards the legal profession.
  3. verb: to think carefully, especially about possibilities and opinions  深思，考慮，認真思考(尤指可能性或意見)
    - The manager demanded time to reflect (on what to do).
    - She reflected that this was probably the last time she would see him.

invent:
  1. verb: to design and/or create something that has never been made before  發明，創造
    - The first safety razor was invented by company founder King C. Gillette in 1903.
    - She tried to save face by inventing a story about being overseas at the time.
  2. verb: to create a reason, excuse, story, etc. that is not true, usually to deceive someone  捏造，編造，虛構
    - But I didn't invent the story - everything I told you is true.

agree with sth/sb:
  1. phr: to think that something is morally acceptable  認為…符合道義
    - I don't agree with hunting.
  2. phr: If a situation or new conditions agree with you, they make you feel healthy and happy.  (情況、環境等)適合…，與…相宜，對…有益
    - You look well - the mountain air must agree with you.

weird:
  1. adj: very strange and unusual, unexpected, or not natural  怪異的；不尋常的；出乎意料的；超自然的
    - Her boyfriend's a bit weird but she's nice.
    - That's weird - I thought I left my keys on the table but they're not there.
    - Jimi Hendrix loved to fling his guitar around to get weird and wonderful sounds from the feedback.

notice:
  1. verb: to see or become conscious of something or someone  看到；注意到；感覺到
    - Mary waved at the man but he didn't seem to notice.
    - He noticed (that) the woman was staring at him.
  2. verb: to bring someone to the attention of the public, usually because of an unusual skill, etc.  (以出眾的才華)引起(公眾)關注
    - She was first noticed by the critics at the age of twelve, and went on to become a world-famous violinist.
  3. noun: (a board, piece of paper, etc. containing) information or instructions  告示，佈告；啟事；公告牌，警示牌
    - There was a large notice on the wall saying "No Parking".
    - I saw a notice in the paper announcing their marriage.
  4. noun: information or a warning given about something that is going to happen in the future  預告；事先通知；事前警告
    - The next time you visit, can you give me more notice?

spouse:  /spaʊs/
  1. noun: a person's husband or wife  配偶
    - In 60 percent of the households surveyed both spouses went out to work.

content:
  1. adj: pleased with your situation and not hoping for change or improvement  滿意的；滿足的；知足的
    - He seems fairly content with (his) life.
    - They're content to socialize with a very small circle of people.
  2. noun: the ideas that are contained in a piece of writing, a speech, or a film  (文章、演講、電影等的)內容
    - It's a very stylish and beautiful film, but it lacks content.
    - We've discussed the unusual form of the book - now, what about the content?
  3. verb: to make someone feel happy and satisfied  使滿意，使滿足
    - You're quite easily contented, aren't you?
    - My explanation seemed to content him.
