https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/6-minute-english_2023/ep-230615

exhaust:
  1. verb: to make someone extremely tired  使筋疲力竭；使疲憊不堪
    - I've exhausted myself with all that cleaning.
    - Our plan was to exhaust the children at the park, so that they would sleep in the car.
  2. verb: to use something completely  用完；花光；耗盡
    - I'm afraid he's exhausted my patience.
    - We seem to have exhausted this topic of conversation (= we have nothing new to say about it).
  3. noun: the waste gas from an engine, especially a car's, or the pipe the gas flows through  （引擎排出的）廢氣；（尤指汽車的）尾氣；排氣管
    - Car exhaust is the main reason for the city's pollution.

kick back:
  1. verb: to stop doing things and relax  停下來，放鬆
    - What good is life if a guy can’t kick back and watch a good movie?

documentary:
  1. noun: a film or television or radio programme that gives facts and information about a subject  （電影或電視）紀錄片；紀實性廣播節目
    - The documentary took a fresh look at the life of Darwin.
    - They showed a documentary on animal communication.
  2. adj: in the form of documents  文件的；文書的
    - Human rights campaigners have discovered documentary evidence of torture.
  3. adj: giving facts and information about a subject in the form of a film or television or radio programme  （電影、電視、廣播節目等的）紀實的，記錄的
    - Most of her movies have a documentary style.

absolute:
  1. adj: very great or to the largest degree possible  完全的；全部的；絕對的；毋庸置疑的
    - I have absolute faith in her judgment.
    - There was no absolute proof of fraud.
  2. adj: used when expressing a strong opinion  （用於強調觀點）道地的，十足的
    - He's an absolute idiot!
    - That's absolute rubbish!
    - When you're stuck in traffic, a mobile phone's an absolute life-saver.
  3. adj: true, right, or the same in all situations and not depending on anything else  絕對的；不會更改的；獨立的；不受制於外部條件的
    - Do you think there's such a thing as absolute truth/beauty?
    - Her contribution was better than most, but in absolute terms (= without comparing it with anything else) it was not very good.

evolve:  /ɪˈvɑːlv/
  1. verb: to develop gradually, or to cause something or someone to develop gradually  （使）逐步發展；（使）逐步演變；（使）逐漸形成；（使）進化
    - Did humans evolve from apes?
    - The company has evolved over the years into a multi-million dollar organization.
    - Most languages are constantly evolving and changing, which is what keeps them alive.

work up sth:
  1. phr: to develop an emotional or physical state that you feel strongly, after a period of effort or time  激發，激起
    - We worked up a real appetite climbing in the mountains.
    - It's strange, but I can't work up any enthusiasm for going on this trip.  很奇怪，這次旅行激不起我任何熱情

reputation:
  1. noun: the opinion that people in general have about someone or something, or how much respect or admiration someone or something receives, based on past behaviour or character  名譽；聲望；名望
  - The company has a worldwide reputation for quality.
  - She has the reputation of being a good doctor.
  - His reputation was destroyed when he was caught stealing some money.

look into sth:
  1. phr: to examine the facts about a problem or situation  調查，研究
    - We're looking into the possibility of merging the two departments.
    - He looked into hiring another secretary, but it would have been too expensive.
    - If you really look into it, you'll probably find it's not such a good deal.

nest:
  1. noun: a structure built by birds or insects to leave their eggs in to develop, and by some other animals to give birth or live in  （鳥類或昆蟲的）窩，巢；（某些動物的）穴
    - a bird's nest
    - Cuckoos are famous for laying their eggs in the nests of other birds.  杜鵑以在其他鳥的窩巢裡下蛋而聞名
    - The alligators build their nests out of grass near the water's edge.
    - If disturbed, the bird may abandon the nest, leaving the chicks to die.
  2. noun: a set of things that are similar but different in size and have been designed to fit inside each other  （套疊的）一套物件，一組物件
    - I'd like a nest of tables for the living room.
  3. verb: to build a nest, or live in a nest  築巢，做窩；巢居
    - We've got some swallows nesting in our roof at the moment.
    - Farm buildings are ideal nesting sites for barn owls.

insect:
  1. noun: a type of very small animal with six legs, a body divided into three parts and usually two pairs of wings, or, more generally, any similar very small animal  昆蟲
    - Ants, beetles, butterflies, and flies are all insects.
    - I've got some sort of insect bite on my leg.

focus (sth) on sb/sth:
  1. phr: to give a lot of attention to one particular person, subject, or thing  集中，特別關注
    - Tonight's programme focuses on the way that homelessness affects the young.
    - When the kitchen is finished I'm going to focus my attention on the back yard and get that straightened out.
    - It's important to focus on your strengths and to minimize your weaknesses.

colony:  /ˈkɑː.lə.ni/
  1. noun: a country or area controlled politically by a more powerful country that is often far away  殖民地
    - Australia and New Zealand are former British colonies.
  2. noun: a group of people with a shared interest or job who live together in a way that is separate from other people  （具有共同愛好或工作的）聚居人群，群體
    - an artists' colony
  3. noun: a group of animals, insects, or plants of the same type that live together  （動物、昆蟲或植物的）群，群落；生物群
    - a colony of ants/termites/bacteria  蟻群／白蟻群／菌落

rough: ???

roughly: ???

industrious:
  1. adj: An industrious person works hard.  勤勞的，勤奮的
    - She's extremely competent and industrious.  她非常勤奮、能幹

inactive:
  1. daj: doing nothing  無行動的，不活動的，不活躍的
    - It's bad for your health to be physically inactive.
    - The property market remains largely inactive.

reserve:
  1. verb: to keep something for a particular purpose or time  把…專門留給；把…留作；保留
    - I reserve Mondays for tidying my desk and answering letters.
    - If you get there early, reserve me a seat/reserve a seat for me.
    - Could I reserve two seats for tomorrow evening's performance?
  2. noun: the act of keeping something or a supply of something until it is needed, or a supply that you keep  貯藏（物）；儲備（物）；備用（物）
    - She keeps a little money in reserve (= for use if and when needed).
    - We still have a reserve of food/food reserves in case of emergency.
  3. noun: an area of land kept in its natural state, especially for wild animals to live in and be protected  （尤指保護野生動物生存的）自然保護區，禁獵區，保護區
    - a nature/game/wildlife reserve  自然保護區／禁獵區／野生動物保護區
  4. noun: in sports, an extra player who is ready to play if needed  替補隊員
    - We had two reserves in case anyone was injured.
  5. noun: the lowest amount of money the owners will accept for something being sold, especially at auction (= public sale)  （尤指拍賣中買方定的）底價，保留價格，最低價
    - A rare Stradivarius violin failed to reach its reserve price (= no one offered to pay it) when put up for auction on Tuesday.
    - We set/put a reserve of €500 on the picture.

step in:
  1. phr: to become involved in a difficult situation or argument in order to help find a solution  插手；介入；居中斡旋
    - An outside buyer has stepped in to save the company from going out of business.
    - When the leading actress broke her leg, Isobel stepped in and took over.

disease:
  1. noun: (an) illness of people, animals, plants, etc., caused by infection or a failure of health rather than by an accident  病，疾病
    - They reported a sudden outbreak of the disease in the south of the country.
    - The first symptom of the disease is a very high temperature.
    - Starvation and disease have killed thousands of refugees.
  2. noun: something that is considered very bad in people or society（人或社會的）惡疾，弊病
    - The real disease affecting the country is inflation.

disaster:
  1. noun: (an event that results in) great harm, damage, or death, or serious difficulty  災難，大禍
    - An inquiry was ordered into the recent rail disaster (= a serious train accident).
    - It would be a disaster for me if I lost my job.
    - Heavy and prolonged rain can spell disaster for many plants.

productive:
  1. adj: resulting in or providing a large amount or supply of something  多產的，富饒的
    - In order to turn the deserts into fertile and productive land, engineers built an 800-mile canal.
    - He had an amazingly productive five years in which he managed to write four novels.
  2. adj: having positive results  富有成效的
    - We had a very productive meeting - I felt we solved lots of problems.
    - Theirs was a very productive partnership.

overrate:
  1. verb: to have too good an opinion of something  高估；對…評價太高
    - Be careful not to overrate your competitors.

sort:
  1. noun: a group of things that are of the same type or that share similar qualities  種類，類型
    - We both like the same sort of music.
    - We saw all sorts (= many types) of animals in the park.
    - Many sorts of bacteria are resistant to penicillin.
  2. verb: to put a number of things in an order or to separate them into groups  把…分類；整理；揀選
    - I'm going to sort these old books into those to be kept and those to be thrown away.
    - You can use the computer to sort the newspaper articles alphabetically, by date, or by subject.
  3. verb: to deal with something by repairing or organizing it  修理；整理好，安排妥當
    - Can you sort the car by tomorrow?
    - We must get the phone sorted soon.
    - I must get this paperwork sorted before I go on holiday next week.

boredom:
  1. noun: the state of being bored  厭煩；厭倦；乏味；無聊
    - They started quarrelling out of sheer boredom.

switch off:
  1. verb: to stop giving your attention to someone or something  不再關注，不再理睬
    - If he gets bored, he just switches off and looks out the window.
    - Many people in stressful jobs find it difficult to switch off when they come home.

scroll:
  1. noun: a long roll of paper or similar material with usually official writing on it  長捲紙，捲軸
    - The ancient Egyptians stored information on scrolls.
  2. noun: a decoration that looks like a roll of paper  渦捲形裝飾
    - The tops of the marble pillars were decorated with scrolls.  大理石柱子的頂端有渦捲形裝飾
  3. verb: to move text or other information on a computer screen in order to see a different part of it  滾動
    - Scroll to the end of the document.

swipe:
  1. verb: to hit or try to hit something, especially with a sideways movement  擊打，尤指掄起（某物）猛打
    - She opened the window and swiped at the flies with a rolled-up newspaper to make them go out.
    - She swiped him round the head.  她揮手打了他的頭
  2. verb: to steal  偷竊，盜竊
    - Okay, who swiped my keys?
  3. verb: to move your finger over the screen of a mobile phone or tablet in order to move onto the next page, choose something, etc.  （手指在螢幕上）滑動
    - Swipe left to see more search results.
  4. noun: a criticism of someone or something, or an attempt to annoy them or damage it  批評，打擊
    - In a recent interview, she takes a swipe at the theatre management.
  5. noun: an act of hitting or trying to hit someone or something  揮擊；掄打
    - Ed took a swipe at the ball and missed.

doubt:
  1. noun: (a feeling of) not being certain about something, especially about how good or true it is  （尤指對好壞、真實性的）懷疑，疑慮，疑問
    - I'm having doubts about his ability to do the job.
    - If there's any doubt about the rocket's engines, we ought to cancel the launch.
  2. no doubt: used to emphasize that what you are saying is true or likely to happen  毫無疑問，毋庸置疑，肯定
    - He's the most attractive man in the room, no doubt about that/it.
    - We will, no doubt, discuss these issues again at the next meeting.
  3. in doubt: If the future or success of someone or something is in doubt, it is unlikely to continue or to be successful.  不確定，前途未蔔
    - The future of the stadium is in doubt because of a lack of money.
  4. without doubt: used to emphasize your opinion  毫無疑問
    - She is without (a) doubt the best student I have ever taught.
  5. verb: to not feel certain or confident about something or to think that something is not probable  懷疑；不確定，不肯定
    - I doubt whether/if I can finish the work on time.
    - He may come back tomorrow with the money, but I very much doubt it.

proverb:
  1. noun: a short sentence, etc., usually known by many people, stating something commonly experienced or giving advice  諺語，格言
    - The appetite, says the proverb, grows with eating.
    - There is an old Arab proverb that everything you write or speak should pass through three gates: Is this kind? Is this necessary? Is this true?

open up:
  1. phr: to start to talk more about yourself and your feelings  傾吐心聲；打開心扉
    - I've never opened up to anyone like I do to you.

roughly:
  1. adv: approximately  大致地，近似地，粗略地
    - Roughly speaking, it's 2.25 million.  大致來說，有225萬
    - We have roughly similar tastes/roughly the same tastes.
    - The money I've saved corresponds roughly to the amount I need for my course.
  2. adv: without taking a lot of care to make something perfect  粗糙地；不精細地；簡單地
    - Roughly chop the tomatoes.
  3. adv: in a violent or angry way  粗暴地
    - He pushed the children roughly to one side.
    - "And what's going on here?" he said roughly.

lounge around (sth):
  1. phr: to spend your time in a relaxed way, sitting or lying somewhere and doing very little  （在…）悠閒度日，消磨時間
    - We spent our days lounging around the pool.
