https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/6-minute-english_2023/ep-230706

come up with sth:
  1. phr verb: to suggest or think of an idea or plan  想出，提出（主意或計劃）
    - She's come up with some amazing scheme to double her income.
    - He's come up with a new way to use up cold chicken.

clever:
  1. adj: having or showing the ability to learn and understand things quickly and easily  聰明的;伶俐的;機靈的
    - Judy has never been very clever, but she tries hard.
    - Fiona is very clever at physics.
  2. adj: skilful  靈巧的;熟練的
    - My mother is very clever with her hands.
  3. adj: well-designed  （設計）巧妙的，精巧的
    - I've got a clever little gadget for opening jars.
  4. adj: showing intelligence, but not sincere, polite, or serious  滑頭的，油腔滑調的
    - That's enough clever talk, young lady.

sophisticated:
  1. adj: having a good understanding of the way people behave and/or a good knowledge of culture and fashion  精於世故的，老練的;見多識廣的;很有品味的
    - She was slim, svelte, and sophisticated.
    - I don't think I have any books that would suit your sophisticated tastes.
  2. adj: intelligent or made in a complicated way and therefore able to do complicated tasks  精密的，複雜的；高級的
    - I think a more sophisticated approach is needed to solve this problem.
    - These are among the most sophisticated weapons in the world.

complex:
  1. adj: involving a lot of different but related parts  由許多相關的不同部分組成的；構造複雜的
    - a complex network of roads
    - a complex procedure
    - The company has a complex organizational structure.
  2. adj: difficult to understand or find an answer to because of having many different parts  難懂的，費解的;錯綜複雜的
    - It's a very complex issue to which there is no straightforward answer.
    - The film's plot was so complex that I couldn't follow it.
    - The structure of this protein is particularly complex.

altogether:  /ˌɑːl.təˈɡeð.ɚ/
  1. adv: in total  總共，一共
    - That'll be $52.50 altogether, please.
  2. adv: completely  完全，全然
    - The government ought to abolish the tax altogether.
    - She wrote less and less often, and eventually she stopped altogether.
    - It's all right working with him, but living with him would be a different matter altogether.
  3. adv: considering everything  總的來說，總之
    - He's bad-tempered, selfish, and altogether an unpleasant man.

plausible:  /ˈplɑː.zə.bəl/
  1. adj: seeming likely to be true, or able to be believed  貌似真實（或可信）的
    - a plausible explanation/excuse
  2. adj: A plausible person appears to be honest and telling the truth, even if they are not.  花言巧語的，舌燦蓮花的
    - a plausible salesman

predict:
  1. verb: to say that an event or action will happen in the future, especially as a result of knowledge or experience  預言;預料，預計
    - It's still not possible to accurately predict the occurrence of earthquakes.
    - Who could have predicted that within ten years he'd be in charge of the whole company?
    - No one can predict when the disease will strike again.

is likely to:
  1. adv: probably  可能
    - He isn't likely to come now, it's too late.
    - He was likely to need further surgery which he could not get in Afghanistan.
    - The train is likely to be late.
