https://elllo.org/english/1501/1531-Patricia-Technology.htm

addict:
  1. noun: a person who cannot stop doing or using something, especially something harmful  （尤指對有害之物）有癮的人，入迷的人
    - I'm a chocolate/shopping addict.
    - Some drug addicts turn to crime in order to support their habit.
    - They were shocked to discover that their daughter was a heroin addict.
  2. verb: 使沉溺，使醉心；使成癮
    - She is addicted to television. 她對電視入了迷

impact:
  1. noun: the force or action of one object hitting another  衝擊（力）;撞擊（力）
    - The impact of the crash reduced the car to a third of its original length.
    - The bullet explodes on impact (= when it hits another object).
  2. noun: a powerful effect that something, especially something new, has on a situation or person  （尤指新事物的）巨大影響，強大作用
    - The anti-smoking campaign had had/made quite an impact on young people.
    - The increase in the number of young people leaving to work in the cities has had a dramatic impact on the demography of the villages.
  3. verb: to have an influence on something  （對…）產生影響
    - Falling export rates have impacted (on) the country's economy quite considerably.

incline:
  1. verb: to (make someone) feel something or want to do something  （使）傾向於
    - The prime minister is believed to be inclining towards an April election.
  2. verb: to (cause to) slope at a particular angle  （使）傾斜
    - The ground inclined steeply towards the ridge in the distance.
  3. noun: a slope  斜坡；斜面
    - a steep/gentle incline
  4. inclined adj: likely or wanting to do something  傾向於…的
    - Tom is inclined to be lazy.
    - No one seemed inclined to help.

introvert: /ˈɪn.trə.vɝːt/
  1. noun: someone who is shy, quiet, and unable to make friends easily  性格內向者
  2. introverted adj: shy, quiet, and preferring to spend time alone rather than often being with other people  性格內向的，內向的
    - When she started school, she became cautious, quiet and introverted.
    - He discovered he was a bit too introverted to be a teacher.

engage:
  1. verb: to employ someone  僱用;聘用
    - I have engaged a secretary to deal with all my paperwork.
    - We're engaging the services of a professional administrator.
  2. verb: to interest someone in something and keep them thinking about it  吸引住，使感興趣
    - The debate about food safety has engaged the whole nation.
    - If a book doesn't engage my interest in the first few pages, I don't usually continue reading it.
  3. verb: to make one part of a machine fit into and move together with another part of a machine  （使）（機器）嚙合，接合，銜接
    - When the large gear wheel engages (with the smaller one), the mill stone will start to go round.

surround:
  1. verb: to be everywhere around something  環繞，圍繞，包圍
    - Snow-capped mountains surround the city.
    - She said that she wanted to die surrounded by the people she loves (= with them all present).
  2. noun: the area or border around something  周圍地帶;圍繞物;緣飾
    - Our bathtub has a tiled surround.

expose:
  1. verb: to remove what is covering something so that it can be seen  暴露；露出；使曝光
    - The plaster on the walls has been removed to expose the original bricks underneath.
    - He damaged his leg so badly in the accident that the bone was exposed.
  2. verb: to make public something bad or dishonest  揭露，揭發，揭穿壞事（或不誠實之事）
    - The review exposed widespread corruption in the police force.
    - The newspaper story exposed him as (= showed that he was) a liar.
  3. noun: a public report of the facts about a situation, especially one that is shocking or has been kept secret  （尤指對令人震驚或保密之事的）曝光報道
    - Today's newspaper contains a searing exposé of police corruption.

front:
  1. noun: the part of a building, object, or person's body that faces forward or is most often seen or used  前面；正面
    - The front of the museum is very impressive.
    - The actor walked out to the front of the stage.
  2. noun: the part of a vehicle that is nearest to its direction of movement  （車輛的）前部
    - Do you want to sit in the front (= next to the driver)?
    - If we sit near the front of the bus, we'll have a better view.
  3. noun: the outside part or cover of a book, newspaper, or magazine  （書刊等的）封面;（報紙的）頭版
    - There was a picture of the Trevi fountain on the front of the book.
  4. in front, phr: further forward than someone or something else  在前面
    - The car in front suddenly stopped and I slammed on the brakes.
  5. in front of, phr: close to the front part of something  在…之前
    - There's parking space in front of the hotel.
                  phr: where someone can see or hear you  當著（某人）的面，在（某人）面前
    - Please don't swear in front of the children.

bully:
  1. noun: someone who hurts or frightens someone who is smaller or less powerful, often forcing them to do something that they do not want to do  恃強淩弱者，以大欺小者
    - Teachers usually know who the bullies are in a class.
    - The management team should stop acting like bullies and try to discuss the problem with us reasonably.
  2. verb: to hurt or frighten someone who is smaller or less powerful than you, often forcing that person to do something they do not want to do  傷害;脅迫;欺負，欺淩
    - Our survey indicates that one in four children is bullied at school.
    - Don't let anyone bully you into doing something you don't want to do.

affect:
  1. verb: to have an influence on someone or something, or to cause a change in someone or something  影響；侵襲；感染；打動
    - Both buildings were badly affected by the fire.
    - The divorce affected every aspect of her life.
    - Researchers are looking at how a mother's health can affect the baby in the womb.
  2. verb: to pretend to feel or think something  假裝
    - To all his problems she affected indifference.  對他所有的問題，她都裝作漠不關心的樣子。
  3. verb: to start to wear or do something in order to make people admire or respect you  （為引人注意或自抬身價而）刻意穿戴，故作
    - At university he affected an upper-class accent.
    - He's recently affected a hat and cane.

mass:
  1. adj: having an effect on or involving a large number of people or forming a large amount  大量的；大規模的；大批的
    - Opposition groups plan to stage mass demonstrations all over the country.
    - There were mass deportations in the 1930s, when thousands of people were forced to leave the country.
  2. noun: a large amount of something that has no particular shape or arrangement  大量;大批;眾多
    - The explosion reduced the church to a mass of rubble.
    - The forest is a mass of colour in autumn.
  3. verb: to come together in large numbers  集中，聚集
    - Thousands of troops have massed along the border in preparation for an invasion.

vaccine:
  1. noun: a substance that is put into the body of a person or animal to protect them from a disease by causing them to produce antibodies (=proteins that fight diseases)  疫苗
    - This vaccine protects against some kinds of the bacteria.
    - The measles vaccine is one of the immunizations that is recommended for all children.

involve:
  1. verb: If an activity, situation, etc. involves something, that thing is a part of the activity, etc.  包括，包含
    - Research involving the use of biological warfare agents will be used for defensive purposes.
    - The operation involves putting a small tube into your heart.
  2. verb: If a situation involves someone or something, he, she, or it is affected by it.  涉及
    - The second accident involved two cars and a lorry.
  3. verb: to include someone in something, or to make them take part in or feel part of it  使參與，牽涉
    - She's been involved with animal rights for many years.
    - It would be difficult not to involve the child's father in the arrangements.
    - The new mayor is keen to involve the local community in his plans for the city.
